I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
We need to rent a room for our party.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
Just go ahead and press that button.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
The stranger officiates the meal.